Don't call Mr. Chen this Xiaobo
This 300 million investment
It is what Shen's Group owes you.
Well, I also brought you an apology.
This is an ultra-black gold card from Bank of Nations
universal
unlimited
Qu Quan's divestment is all done by villains
Please don't take it to heart.
Mr. Shen, can you reinvest in our Qiao family?
We are honored
But this super black card is too expensive
I can't take it.
If you don't accept it
I will die on my knees today
Do you have to take this?
Chen Xiaobo
Stand up the fuck for me
I came to you today to clean them up
You kneel down for them
What's going on?
Xu Yaoyu, how dare you say
If it weren't for you
How can I feel like I can't afford to offend someone
Even the Shen family was almost destroyed by your hands
Miss Qiao
You must accept this 300 million contract
300 million.
I've never seen so much money in my life.
The listing of 300 million small groups is expected
The Qiao family will also enter the ranks of aristocratic families
go and
Sign it. Go
Tsinghua
Take this contract
Is this because of you?
It's not just my luck.
Another dead rat
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Xu Aoyu Lao Tzu warns you
That's your luck
Cover it and chew it later
Have you good fruit to eat
wavelet
Good idea.
You dogs
Let's get together and mess with me, right?
I'll put it out there today.
My godfather, Governor Leif
The Dawan Group worth tens of billions has been put
You gave me the Xu Family Humph that day.
Don't say it's your Qiao family then
Even the richest Shen family
I have to be brought down by my Xu family
Bidding in three days
Then the whole Jiangdong will tremble for me
Hahaha Master Xu
How much do you miss me, Master Xu